CHARTER
-------
Explore and analyse all functionality reachable to the user with a browser and superuser credentials.
Look for visual and functional issues, as well as risk areas.
Use the responsive design browser tools to look for visual issues at various screen sizes.
Change system state from admin tools during usage/checkout flow to evaluate robustness.

START
-----
2025-11-08

TESTER
------
Elias

TASK BREAKDOWN
--------------
#DURATION
50 min 58s

TEST NOTES
-----------
On the front page, the shirt image doesn't load.
After adding a new item from admin with an image, its image appears normally.
The product page doesn't display the product image but unrelated placeholders.

The normal price of shirt isn't shown on front page, just the discounted one.

Clicking on the categories does nothing.

Basic signup works without a problem.
Basic login and logout works without a problem.

Search doesn't return sensible results, "shoe" returns the shirt, as does an empty search.

Tried adding to cart as non-logged in customer, redirected to login, after successful login product was added to card and customer was redirected to cart.

Basic changing of quantity in cart works.
Clicking the + and - buttons too quickly may result in not all clicks getting registered.

Add to cart successfully increments quantity in basket.

Emptying the cart works.

Remove from cart presents notification if item was not in cart.
Remove from cart removes from cart if there is one in cart, and also if there are more than one of it.

Price and discount displays in card work with multiple products with varying prices, quantities and discounts.

Crashes with UnboundLocalError at /checkout/ when attempting to checkout with a Finnish shipping address, billing address same as shipping, stripe payment option, without any entered zipcode. Same happens when the zipcode is entered. And with paypal.
However, proceeding to payment works when unchecking "billing address same as shipping" and entering billing address separately, at least with paypal.

On payment page, "Submit payment" does nothing with fake credit or debit card info. A POST request is sent to api.stripe.com and 401 is returned.

Refreshing the payment page updates the prices and total if an item's price has changed.

Both stripe and paypal options at checkout seem to proceed to a payment page for stripe.

Logging out empties the card from the perspective of the now logged-out user, but logging back in restores it successfully.

Order summary page introduces horizontal scrolling when viewport width is less than 434px, but doesn't break.

At widths less than about 985px, hamburger menu is introduced. It works without problems.

Home page and product pages work without problems even at very small widths suchs as 200px.

Total item price gets floating point inaccuracies. For example item with price 99.99: increasing quantity from 1 to 3 returns a price of $269.96999999999997.

After an order has been created, the customer cannot view it.

Entering a valid coupon code works and decreases price.
Entering a coupon code with greater value than the basket total can make the price negative.
Only one coupon can be entered at a time.
Attempting to enter a nonexistent coupon code crashes the site with ValueError at /add-coupon/. Order.coupon must be a "Coupon" instance.